hello my name is Michaela Hyde and I'm a
health management coach and what that
means is I work with people who want to
make changes to their diet their
activity levels with the real emphasis
on behavior change because actually if
you want to make those kinds of changes
we really need to think about our
behaviors to ensure a healthier
lifestyle now I'm really thrilled to be
here today working in partnership with
ideal weight to bring to you a delicious
quick chicken curry and you know we are
all so busy we're all so rushed and the
perfect thing about this meal is it
doesn't take any time and it's quick and
easy to do so at the quick chicken curry
ingredients list as follows 115 grams of
chicken breast chopped of course if
you're vegetarian you can use corn half
an onion chopped 1 garlic clove crushed
or chopped a teaspoon of curry powder a
teaspoon of ground cumin 1 small chilli
chopped half the green pepper chopped 25
grams of button mushrooms also chopped
and a tin of chopped tomatoes 400 grams
also you'll need 275 mils of fat-free
natural yoghurt bought to room
temperature and you can serve it with
some rice if you're on that the plan -
if your plan 3 then you'll prefer not to
have the rice with it I've already got
most of my ingredients prepared my
onions been chopped
and so is my chicken but the pepper
chilli and garlic and mushrooms all need
chopping so remember just using half of
green pepper and then we're going to
just cut that into small pieces so the
chilli I'm going to cut that in half now
I suggested a fairly small to me this
one is I'd say quite a good size chilli
so I'm going to take the seeds out
because that adds extra heat and I think
we've probably got plenty with the
amount of chilli
I'm using already garlic I'm gonna chop
my garlic that's almost there and I'm
going to add that bit of chopped garlic
to my onion because that's gonna cook
with the chicken first of all in just a
moment and then finally I'm gonna chop
these of your mushrooms up okay so all
of my ingredients on our chopped and
we're ready to start cooking in the pan
to begin with I'm going to add the
chicken to this pan it's already heated
through now if you have a nonstick pan
you won't need any oil at all or if you
need to you can add a tiny bit of spray
oil just to keep that to a minimum so
the chickens eggs going in here I've got
the chopped onion and garlic
you love the smell dog it just smells
amazing there's something so appetizing
about garlic I think where you're
cooking and you're trying to cook
healthily you've really can cook some
beautiful dishes with wonderful flavors
by choosing your ingredients really
carefully you don't need lots of fat
lots of sugars and things like that in
your meal to make it take you so let's
pour those in so enjoy the tomatoes
gonna make a nice sizzling sound
and we're going to add about the cumin a
really lovely fragrant and spice and
curry powder to give it that lovely
curry flavor that you're seeking got the
peppers and the chili looks so pretty in
there doesn't it and it goes and the
mushrooms finely alright now that's
called the pan down a bit so let's turn
that back up again and start coating
your chicken and irons in the spices and
herbs now again down to personal
preference you can add some seasoning
here if you would like to but if you're
somebody who nights to keep salt to a
minimum you may wish to just leave it
where the spices you reuse already again
when you're using strong spices like
curry powder and turmeric and paprika
any of those sorts of spices have strong
flavors so you can hold back on things
like salt I can't go ahead final
ingredient which is the natural yoghurt
now when you're adding the yogurt and
I'm going to put this whole portion in
here but you might prefer to have more
or less depending on how spicy you like
things to remember Dairy Foods take out
heat from the strong spicy foods so in
that goes okay I'm going to mix that in
just before I turn up heat just a little
bit but don't over heat yogurt otherwise
it kind of separate
when you can cook a quick chicken curry
as quickly as this one there are no
excuses for poor eating at the end of
the day it really didn't take me any
time at all and it looks wonderful I've
added a bit of a garnish there's some
fresh coriander again some people like
it some people don't
I love curry and I think it's a really
versatile hair so I'm going to try some
lovely the chickens really turned up
it's got a nice spice to it it's not too
hot again I put quite a bit of your
chips you might want to do more or less
depending on your preference but a
really super quick meal that you're
going to enjoy
you